202/doc/01-installation/01-requirements.md, before:

---
category: Installation
name: 1. Requirements and install
---


## Requirements

### PHP version

| PrestaShop version | Module version |  Repo               | Doc                |  PHP Version |
|--------------------|----------------|---------------------|--------------------|--------------|
| 1.6.0.x            | 1.x            |  [release/1.4.x]    | [module documentation][module-doc] |   5.6 or greater    |
| 1.7.7.x            | 1.x            |  [master]           | [module documentation][module-doc] |   7.1 or greater    |



### Shopping Feed API

[Shopping Feed's PHP SDK](https://github.com/shoppingflux/php-sdk); this module
uses version `0.2.4`, which creates some [problems](/#2-problem-guzzle-trouble).

[Shopping Feed's PHP SDK](https://github.com/shoppingflux/php-feed-generator); this module
uses version `1.2.0`.


**DO NOT** run `composer install` without reading about our [problems with
Guzzle](/#2-problem-guzzle-trouble) !
Running `composer dump-autoload` should be fine, though.

## Installation for merchands

To install module on PrestaShop, download zip package supply by ShoppingFeed customer service or the zip file
named [v1.x.x-prod-shoppingfeed.zip](https://github.com/shoppingflux/module-prestashop/tags) attached on each detail release page.

## Installation for developpers

If you are a developper, this module contain composer.json.dist file. If you clone or download the module from github
repository, run the ```composer install``` is not necessary. You can see why on [module documentation][module-doc] on "Guzzle trouble".

See the [composer documentation][composer-doc] to learn more about the composer.json file.

## Compiling assets
**For development**

We use _Webpack_ to compile our javascript and scss files.
In order to compile those files, you must :
1. have _Node 10+_ installed locally
2. run `npm install` in the root folder to install dependencies
3. then run `npm run watch` to compile assets and watch for file changes

**For production**

Run `npm run build` to compile for production.
Files are minified, `console.log` and comments dropped.

## Contributing

PrestaShop modules are open-source extensions to the PrestaShop e-commerce solution. Everyone is welcome and even encouraged to contribute with their own improvements.

### Requirements

Contributors **must** follow the following rules:

* **Make your Pull Request on the "develop" branch**, NOT the "master" branch.
* Do not update the module's version number.
* Follow [the coding standards][1].

### Process in details

Contributors wishing to edit a module's files should follow the following process:

1. Create your GitHub account, if you do not have one already.
2. Fork the shoppingflux/module-prestashop project to your GitHub account.
3. Clone your fork to your local machine in the ```/modules/shoppingfeed``` directory of your PrestaShop installation.
4. Create a branch in your local clone of the module for your changes.
5. Change the files in your branch. Be sure to follow [the coding standards][1]!
6. Push your changed branch to your fork in your GitHub account.
7. Create a pull request for your changes **on the _'develop'_ branch** of the module's project. Be sure to follow [the commit message norm][2] in your pull request. If you need help to make a pull request, read the [Github help page about creating pull requests][3].
8. Wait for one of the core developers either to include your change in the codebase, or to comment on possible improvements you should make to your code.

That's it: you have contributed to this open-source project! Congratulations!

[1]: https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/development/coding-standards/
[2]: http://doc.prestashop.com/display/PS16/How+to+write+a+commit+message
[3]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests
[composer-doc]: https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md
[module-doc]: https://docs.202-ecommerce.com/shoppingfeed/

Commit message:

add docker configuration and phpunit on order import refs #33313 (#113)
* add docker configuration and phpunit on order import refs #33313

* add docker configuration and phpunit on order import refs #33313

* fix github actions

* fix github actions

* add github actions for unit test

* update README

* add test KO to verify github actions

* fix unitest

* Add a new test on shopping feed

* fix phpcs

* add unit test for laredoute refs #31667

* add unit test for laredoute refs #31667

* add unit test for laredoute refs #31667

* update doc and update docker config

202/doc/01-installation/01-requirements.md, after:

---
category: Installation
name: 1. Requirements and install
---


## Requirements

### PHP version

| PrestaShop version | Module version |  Repo               | Doc                |  PHP Version |
|--------------------|----------------|---------------------|--------------------|--------------|
| 1.6.0.x            | 1.x            |  [master]           | [module documentation][module-doc] |   5.6 or greater    |
| 1.7.7.x            | 1.x            |  [master]           | [module documentation][module-doc] |   7.1 or greater    |



### Shopping Feed API

[Shopping Feed's PHP SDK](https://github.com/shoppingflux/php-sdk); this module
uses version `0.2.4`, which creates some [problems](/#2-problem-guzzle-trouble).

[Shopping Feed's PHP Feed Generator](https://github.com/shoppingflux/php-feed-generator); this module
uses version `1.2.0`.


**DO NOT** run `composer install` without reading about our [problems with
Guzzle](/#2-problem-guzzle-trouble) !
Running `composer dump-autoload` should be fine, though.

## Installation for merchands

To install module on PrestaShop, download zip package supply by ShoppingFeed customer service or the zip file
named [v1.x.x-prod-shoppingfeed.zip](https://github.com/shoppingflux/module-prestashop/releases) attached on each detail release page.

## Installation for developpers

If you are a developper, this module contain composer.json.dist file. If you clone or download the module from github
repository, run the ```composer install``` is not necessary. You can see why on [module documentation][module-doc] on "Guzzle trouble".

See the [composer documentation][composer-doc] to learn more about the composer.json file.

You can also use docker compose to install the module on a fresh ready to use PrestaShop version.

## Compiling assets
**For development**

We use _Webpack_ to compile our javascript and scss files.
In order to compile those files, you must :
1. have _Node 10+_ installed locally
2. run `npm install` in the root folder to install dependencies
3. then run `npm run watch` to compile assets and watch for file changes

**For production**

Run `npm run build` to compile for production.
Files are minified, `console.log` and comments dropped.

## Contributing

PrestaShop modules are open-source extensions to the PrestaShop e-commerce solution. Everyone is welcome and even encouraged to contribute with their own improvements.

### Requirements

Contributors **must** follow the following rules:

* **Make your Pull Request on the "develop" branch**, NOT the "master" branch.
* Do not update the module's version number.
* Follow [the coding standards][1].

### Process in details

Contributors wishing to edit a module's files should follow the following process:

1. Create your GitHub account, if you do not have one already.
2. Fork the shoppingflux/module-prestashop project to your GitHub account.
3. Clone your fork to your local machine in the ```/modules/shoppingfeed``` directory of your PrestaShop installation.
4. Create a branch in your local clone of the module for your changes.
5. Change the files in your branch. Be sure to follow [the coding standards][1]!
6. Push your changed branch to your fork in your GitHub account.
7. Create a pull request for your changes **on the _'develop'_ branch** of the module's project. Be sure to follow [the commit message norm][2] in your pull request. If you need help to make a pull request, read the [Github help page about creating pull requests][3].
8. Wait for one of the core developers either to include your change in the codebase, or to comment on possible improvements you should make to your code.

That's it: you have contributed to this open-source project! Congratulations!

[1]: https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/development/coding-standards/
[2]: http://doc.prestashop.com/display/PS16/How+to+write+a+commit+message
[3]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests
[composer-doc]: https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md
[module-doc]: https://docs.202-ecommerce.com/shoppingfeed/
